Still searching for a great lodging option for your next getaway to Orlando? Press the 'Book Now' button... this apartment has it all!

The outstanding facilities and amenities of Reunion Resort will make every guest’s stay memorable.

The amenities include a state-of-the-art clubhouse with Seven Eagles Fitness Center and a self-service Business Center. Furthermore, it includes access to a 5 acre Water Park with Lazy River, 10 community pools throughout the Resort, three signature Golf Courses - designed by Arnold Palmer, Tom Watson, and Jack Nicklaus -, Golf Short Game Practice Area, Tennis Centre, Miniature Golf Course, Pickleball, FootGolf, Bocce Ball, Volleyball Court, included bicycles for 1 hour per day, shuttle service throughout the resort and to Walt Disney World, Golf Cart Rental, and Eleven - Rooftop Bar/Restaurant After Hours Cover Entry, and Eleven - Rooftop Bar/Restaurant After Hours Cover Entry! There are also many more sports courts to enjoy within the community.**

This luxury apartment comfortably accommodates up to 8 guests.

The apartment has 3 bedrooms: one master bedroom features a King Size bed with Smart TV and an en-suite bathroom with a walk-in shower and garden bathtub on the main floor. The second floor features another master bedroom and en-suite Full-Bathroom, and a Star-Wars-themed bedroom including one Twin-over-Twin bunk bed, one Twin-over-Full bunk bed, and a PlayStation® 4 Console with Games and 2 controllers.

The main floor includes a great room with a living and an elegant dining room for 6 integrated with a fully-stocked kitchen with 4 bar stools, a half-bathroom, a Washer/Dryer room, and a relaxing outside patio with an open view.

Featured Amenities:

Balcony with sitting area & open view
3 Parking Spaces
Free High-Speed Wi-Fi
PlayStation® 4 Console with Games + 2 DUALSHOCK®4 Wireless Controller
Cable Service and Smart TV
HVAC
Alarm
Towels & Linen
Unlimited Access to Resort Amenities**
Professionally Cleaned, High Touch Surfaces Disinfected, Stocked with New TP, Paper Towel, Hand Soap, and more amenities for your Arrival Use! Bathrooms and Kitchen Surfaces Cleaned with Professional Disinfectant and all Clothes are Washed w Bleach&Soap and Dried at high temperature. The cleaning team uses Gloves and Masks during all cleaning times. During Pre Arrival Inspection disinfectants are used again on high-touch surfaces. All to be the safest environment for Your Stay!

* Refundable Damage Deposit Required.
* We don't accept pets of any kind.
** All Activities are based on availability, and additional fees apply for specific amenities.

Provided/All Units:
Kitchen, basics for cooking, self-check-in, free parking, linens provided, towels provided, Water Heater, private living, smoke detectors, hangers, all single-family, senior-friendly, child-friendly, family-friendly, long-term.
