Still searching for a great lodging option for your next getaway to Orlando? Press the 'Book Now' button... this apartment has it all!

This luxury 3 bedrooms and 2.5 bathrooms home has views of the state-of-the-art clubhouse pool of Reunion Resort and Arnold Palmer Legacy Golf course.

This stunning resort with outstanding facilities and amenities is ideally located, giving an easy car ride to all the major highways that lead to the attractions' parks, restaurants, and more!

Up to 8 guests.

Main Floor: Master Bedroom (1) w/ KingSize bed and en-suite bathroom, Living-Dining area, Fully-stocked Kitchen, a half-Bathroom, a Washer/Dryer room, and a relaxing outside patio with an open view.

Second Floor: Master Bedroom (2) w/ KingSize bed and ensuite Full-Bathroom, Bedroom (3) w/ one Twin-over-Twin bunk bed, one Twin-over-Full bunk bed, and a PlayStation® 4 Console with Games.

Featured Amenities:

Balcony with sitting area & open view
3 Parking Spaces
Free High-Speed Wi-Fi
PlayStation® 4 Console with Games + 2 DUALSHOCK®4 Wireless Controller
Cable Service and Smart TV
HVAC
Alarm
Towels & Linen
Unlimited Access to Resort Amenities (including 10 community pools throughout the Resort, on-site restaurants and bars, Golf and Miniature Golf Courses, and more)**
Professionally Cleaned, High Touch Surfaces Disinfected, Stocked with New TP, Paper Towel, Hand Soap, and more amenities for your Arrival Use! Bathrooms and Kitchen Surfaces Cleaned with Professional Disinfectant and all Clothes are Washed w Bleach&Soap and Dried at high temperature. The cleaning team uses Gloves and Masks during all cleaning times. During Pre Arrival Inspection disinfectants are used again on high-touch surfaces. All to be the safest environment for Your Stay!

* Refundable Damage Deposit Required.
* We don't accept pets of any kind.
** Additional fees apply for specific amenities.

Provided/All Units:
Kitchen, basics for cooking, self-check-in, free parking, linens provided, towels provided, Water Heater, private living, smoke detectors, hangers, all single-family, senior-friendly, child-friendly, family-friendly, long-term.
